# chic
Chic offers an extensive array of genuine leather goods for both men and women, characterized by classic and elegant styles, made of high quality leather, and at reasonable prices. Chic as a Brand, was established in 1997, as an in-house designed brand specializing in leather goods and accessories, produced in different parts of the world. We opened our first outlet at Baniyas Square, Dubai, and rapidly expanded to over 10 different retail outlets across the UAE over the next few years. After a cumulative 40 years experience in mainly shoe fashion retail in the GCC market. Chic decided to operate the **E-Commerce website** www.chic.ae in order to become closer to our existing customers and serve new customers in a more convenient manner. Our promise is to provide a unique experience of online shopping with a huge product range but, nevertheless, easy to choose and order. In addition to our own Chic brand, we also represent several European brands having exclusive distributor rights across GCC. Women can put their best foot forward with our wide range of collections, from casual slippers, strappy sandals, ballerina flats, pumps, ankle boots to fierce stilettos. On the other hand, men can gorgeously walk in style with our fashionable oxfords, loafers, moccasins, monk shoes, even with our comfy Arabic sandals. Chic also offers classic and trendy bags and wallets, available in wide range of designs and styles. May it be posh minaudieres, clutch bags, mini wallets, tote bags, sling bags, shoulder bags, backpacks, or travelling bags, Chic certainly has it.Chic also offers 3 collections of Jewelry sets namely Amira, Tamani and Noor collection. Each of them are designed as per the latest trends in the fashion to add our customer with more graceful and elegant look.
